Doc: refactoring (#1952)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_validate_state/README.md

# Print only FAILED tests
only_failed_tests: "{{ validation_role.only_failed_tests | arista.avd.default(false) }}"
```

> The variable `fabric_name` is required to generate the report. This variable is automatically set on eos_designs. The user can select their name if this role isn't used. If it's not defined, it will be set to all. Therefore it will accept all variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variable `fabric_name` is used to select the inventory group covering all devices in the report. This variable is also required for the role `eos_designs`, but the user can set a name if this role is not used. The default value is `all` pointing to the built-in inventory group `all`. Therefore all devices in the inventory will be selected for the report.
```
